Title: Frequent Asked Questions (or some points I want to makeQ: Your website seems cool but.. What are you specialized to?) 

Q: Your website seems cool but.. What are you specialized to?
A: I have been developing on Java (Android and JavaX) as side-projects and Spring framework (Java webapp) for an airline company as consultant for near 2 years on two projects. 
Also I have been working on Virtual Reality projects (Unity Engine, JavaScript and Blender) inside my job for a 1+ year. It went so good that I have been recognized as a valuable employee and sent to have an interview with the Governor of the province of Buenos Aires

Today I'm working as BI consultant (Microstrategy) developing components for reporting and dashboards. 

Last but not least I have been learning Machine Learning in DataCamp for a year on my free time. I decided to step back from here because I started to miss coding so much.

Q: What are you aspirations? What kind of job are you looking for? 
A: I'd love a JavaScript FullStack challenge. Right now I'm learning front-end (This webpage) and I'll go into Vue or React as soon as I refactor my other project (check github). 
My goal is, someday, to become a Team Leader on my tech stack. I feel very confident in Java as my experience is positive towards it and I'd like to move to functional programming and get into JS and its thousand frameworks. 

Q: What languages do you speak? What is you proeficiency level? 
A: I'm Argentinian so I'm native Spanish speaker. 
Also, I really love English. Almost everything I have in my own must be in English. I can speak, write and read without major problems. I feel very comfy at it. 

Q: Would you like to move into other country/state? 
A: Sure! Of course the offer must be better than what it is today (for obvious reasons) and I'll be glad to move on. 

Q: What is your favourite hobbie? 
A: Well, that's a though one... I really really love to analize situations and understand why things are the way it is, you might call it philosophize <3
